README.md, before:

# Web Experience Toolkit: Drupal WxT

[![Build Status][travisci-badge]][travisci]

## Important

Drupal WxT for Drupal 8 is currently under release candidate phase and now will
provide an update path for all future releases.

## Important Links

- Documentation Website: [drupalwxt.github.io][docsite]
- Drupal Repository: [drupal.org/project/wxt][drupal]
- GitHub Repository: [drupalwxt/wxt][github]
- Live Demo: [demo][demo]
- Run it Now: [simplytest.me][simplytest]
- Issue Queue: [Drupal][issue-drupal] (Primary)
- Issue Queue: [GitHub][issue-github]

## Overview

The Drupal WxT distribution is a web content management system which assists in
building and maintaining innovative Web sites that are accessible, usable, and
interoperable. This distribution is open source software and free for use by
departments and external Web communities. This distribution relies and
integrates extensively with the [WET-BOEW jQuery Framework][wet-boew] for
improved accessible markup.

## Architecture

This install profile directly extends from the [Lightning Framework][lightning]
created by [Acquia][acquia] to provide developers with a powerful base toolchain
upon which to extend. Due to this strict dependency we also align much of our
workflow with the best practice established patterns `Acquia` has provided.

## 8.x - Recommended Installation

We highly recommend using <a href="https://getcomposer.org" rel="nofollow">Composer</a>
to build and maintain your WxT derived project’s codebase.

```sh
composer create-project drupalwxt/wxt-project:8.x-dev MYPROJECT --no-interaction
```

[Install with Composer][project-new]

For more information on creating and maintaining your WxT project with composer,
see our [WxT Project README][project].

## Installation from exported config

If you have a config export of a site built with Lighting, you can install it using the
Config Installer profile. You can find more information about installing WxT (Lightning)
from exported config [config-installer][here]</a>.

## Tarball Installation

The tarball distributed here on drupal.org is deprecated and does not install correctly
because drupal.org does not package WxT's Composer dependencies.

To work around this, we are providing tarballs on our GitHub page, which contain the
required dependencies and will work properly. Visit our list of releases on GitHub, and
under "Downloads", grab the desired wxt-VERSION.tar.gz file. (Sept 8th)

If you MUST use the tarball here on drupal.org, you will still need Composer installed.
Once you extract the tarball, run the following command from within your web root to
install the required dependencies:

```sh
composer require j7mbo/twitter-api-php league/oauth2-server:~6.0 webflo/drupal-core-strict:~8.5.0 "phpdocumentor/reflection-docblock:^3.0||^4.0"
```

## Installation of Default Content via Migrate

Install the site using drush which should take approximately 4-5 minutes depending on your system.

```sh
drush si wxt
  --sites-subdir=default \
  --db-url=mysql://root:WxT@mysql:3306/wxt \
  --account-name=admin \
  --account-pass=WxT \
  --site-mail=admin@example.com \
  --site-name="Drupal Install Profile (WxT)" \
  install_configure_form.update_status_module='array(FALSE,FALSE)' \
  --yes
```

### WxT

Imports examples of common design patterns for WxT branded sites.

```sh
drush migrate:import --group wxt --tag 'Core'
```

> Note: There is a group wxt_translation for importing the corresponding french content.

### Canada

Imports examples of common design patterns for Canada.ca aligning to C&IA specification.

```sh
drush migrate:import --group wxt --tag 'Core'
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Core'
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Menu'
```

> Note: There is a group gcweb_translation for importing the corresponding french content.

### Groups

We also provide an example of importing groups via a json feed from open.canada.ca that will create a group for every government department where you can isolate content acess.

```sh
drush en wxt_ext_group -y
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Group'
```

> Note: Make sure to only have one set of menu's imported for each of the supported themes. Leverage migrate:rollback to assist with this requirement.

## Version History

### Changelog

- [CHANGELOG.md][changelog]

### Releases

- [Drupal.org][release-drupal]
- [GitHub][release-github]

## Contributor(s)

Contributor(s): https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/graphs/contributors

<!-- Links Referenced -->

[acquia]:               https://acquia.com
[changelog]:            https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/blob/8.x-2.x/CHANGELOG.md
[config-install]:       https://lightning.acquia.com/blog/using-configuration-installer-lightning
[demo]:                 https://d8.govcloud.ca
[docsite]:              http://drupalwxt.github.io
[drupal]:               http://drupal.org/project/wxt
[drupal7]:              http://drupal.org/project/wetkit
[github]:               https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt
[issue-drupal]:         https://drupal.org/project/issues/wxt
[issue-github]:         https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/issues
[lightning]:            https://github.com/acquia/lightning
[panopoly]:             https://github.com/panopoly/panopoly
[pantheon]:             https://pantheon.io
[project]:              https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt-project#user-content-new-project
[project-new]:          https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt-project#user-content-new-project
[release-drupal]:       https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/releases
[release-github]:       https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/releases
[simplytest]:           http://simplytest.me/project/wxt/8.x-2.x
[travisci]:             https://travis-ci.org/drupalwxt/wxt
[travisci-badge]:       https://travis-ci.org/drupalwxt/wxt.png?branch=8.x-2.x
[wet-boew]:             https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew

Commit message:

feat(composer): Recommended composer version

README.md, after:

# Web Experience Toolkit: Drupal WxT

[![Build Status][travisci-badge]][travisci]

## Important

Drupal WxT for Drupal 8 is currently under release candidate phase and now will
provide an update path for all future releases.

## Important Links

- Documentation Website: [drupalwxt.github.io][docsite]
- Drupal Repository: [drupal.org/project/wxt][drupal]
- GitHub Repository: [drupalwxt/wxt][github]
- Live Demo: [demo][demo]
- Run it Now: [simplytest.me][simplytest]
- Issue Queue: [Drupal][issue-drupal] (Primary)
- Issue Queue: [GitHub][issue-github]

## Overview

The Drupal WxT distribution is a web content management system which assists in
building and maintaining innovative Web sites that are accessible, usable, and
interoperable. This distribution is open source software and free for use by
departments and external Web communities. This distribution relies and
integrates extensively with the [WET-BOEW jQuery Framework][wet-boew] for
improved accessible markup.

## Architecture

This install profile directly extends from the [Lightning Framework][lightning]
created by [Acquia][acquia] to provide developers with a powerful base toolchain
upon which to extend. Due to this strict dependency we also align much of our
workflow with the best practice established patterns `Acquia` has provided.

## 8.x - Recommended Installation

We highly recommend using <a href="https://getcomposer.org" rel="nofollow">Composer</a>
to build and maintain your WxT derived project’s codebase.

```sh
composer create-project drupalwxt/wxt-project:8.x-dev MYPROJECT --no-interaction
```

[Install with Composer][project-new]

> We recommend a composer version of 1.8.1 or greater due to fixes made upstream.

For more information on creating and maintaining your WxT project with composer,
see our [WxT Project README][project].

## Installation from exported config

If you have a config export of a site built with Lighting, you can install it using the
Config Installer profile. You can find more information about installing WxT (Lightning)
from exported config [config-installer][here]</a>.

## Tarball Installation

The tarball distributed here on drupal.org is deprecated and does not install correctly
because drupal.org does not package WxT's Composer dependencies.

To work around this, we are providing tarballs on our GitHub page, which contain the
required dependencies and will work properly. Visit our list of releases on GitHub, and
under "Downloads", grab the desired wxt-VERSION.tar.gz file. (Sept 8th)

If you MUST use the tarball here on drupal.org, you will still need Composer installed.
Once you extract the tarball, run the following command from within your web root to
install the required dependencies:

```sh
composer require j7mbo/twitter-api-php league/oauth2-server:~6.0 webflo/drupal-core-strict:~8.5.0 "phpdocumentor/reflection-docblock:^3.0||^4.0"
```

## Installation of Default Content via Migrate

Install the site using drush which should take approximately 4-5 minutes depending on your system.

```sh
drush si wxt
  --sites-subdir=default \
  --db-url=mysql://root:WxT@mysql:3306/wxt \
  --account-name=admin \
  --account-pass=WxT \
  --site-mail=admin@example.com \
  --site-name="Drupal Install Profile (WxT)" \
  install_configure_form.update_status_module='array(FALSE,FALSE)' \
  --yes
```

### WxT

Imports examples of common design patterns for WxT branded sites.

```sh
drush migrate:import --group wxt --tag 'Core'
```

> Note: There is a group wxt_translation for importing the corresponding french content.

### Canada

Imports examples of common design patterns for Canada.ca aligning to C&IA specification.

```sh
drush migrate:import --group wxt --tag 'Core'
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Core'
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Menu'
```

> Note: There is a group gcweb_translation for importing the corresponding french content.

### Groups

We also provide an example of importing groups via a json feed from open.canada.ca that will create a group for every government department where you can isolate content acess.

```sh
drush en wxt_ext_group -y
drush migrate:import --group gcweb --tag 'Group'
```

> Note: Make sure to only have one set of menu's imported for each of the supported themes. Leverage migrate:rollback to assist with this requirement.

## Version History

### Changelog

- [CHANGELOG.md][changelog]

### Releases

- [Drupal.org][release-drupal]
- [GitHub][release-github]

## Contributor(s)

Contributor(s): https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/graphs/contributors

<!-- Links Referenced -->

[acquia]:               https://acquia.com
[changelog]:            https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/blob/8.x-2.x/CHANGELOG.md
[config-install]:       https://lightning.acquia.com/blog/using-configuration-installer-lightning
[demo]:                 https://d8.govcloud.ca
[docsite]:              http://drupalwxt.github.io
[drupal]:               http://drupal.org/project/wxt
[drupal7]:              http://drupal.org/project/wetkit
[github]:               https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt
[issue-drupal]:         https://drupal.org/project/issues/wxt
[issue-github]:         https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/issues
[lightning]:            https://github.com/acquia/lightning
[panopoly]:             https://github.com/panopoly/panopoly
[pantheon]:             https://pantheon.io
[project]:              https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt-project#user-content-new-project
[project-new]:          https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt-project#user-content-new-project
[release-drupal]:       https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/releases
[release-github]:       https://github.com/drupalwxt/wxt/releases
[simplytest]:           http://simplytest.me/project/wxt/8.x-2.x
[travisci]:             https://travis-ci.org/drupalwxt/wxt
[travisci-badge]:       https://travis-ci.org/drupalwxt/wxt.png?branch=8.x-2.x
[wet-boew]:             https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew
